c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EncompassLoanApplication.dll.config
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EncompassLoanApplication.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EncompassLoanApplication.pdb
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EllieMae.Encompass.AsmResolver.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EllieMae.Encompass.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EncompassObjects.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EMLoanUtils15.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\ClientServer.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EMCommon.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EMBAM15.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Infragistics2.Win.UltraWinSchedule.v7.1.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Client.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\VersionInterface15.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Jed.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\PostSharp.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EMExport.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Elli.Metrics.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Import.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Server.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Xml3WayMerge.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Elli.ElliEnum.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Elli.Interface.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\RazorEngine.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Elli.AdvCode.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\DocumentConverter.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Services2.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Infragistics2.Shared.v7.1.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Infragistics2.Win.v7.1.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\GenuineChannels.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\ClientSession.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\ReportingDbUtils.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\itextsharp.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EncompassObjects.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\obj\Release\EncompassLoanApplication.dll
c:\users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\obj\Release\EncompassLoanApplication.pdb
C:\Users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\bin\Elli.Server.Remoting.dll
C:\Users\ems.consulting\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EncompassLoanApplication\EncompassLoanApplication\obj\Release\EncompassLoanApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
